c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\EcoGreen.exe.config
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\EcoGreen.exe
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\EcoGreen.pdb
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\EcoGreen.xml
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\EcoGreen.Form1.resources
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\EcoGreen.Resources.resources
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\EcoGreen.exe
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\EcoGreen.xml
c:\users\vmadministrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EcoGreen\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\EcoGreen.pdb
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\BeAwake.exe.config
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\BeAwake.exe
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\BeAwake.pdb
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\bin\Debug\BeAwake.xml
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.Form1.resources
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.Resources.resources
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.exe
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.xml
C:\Users\VMadministrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeAwake\EcoGreen\obj\Debug\BeAwake.pdb
